website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes: A new operator controller (#532)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/index.mdx

Refer to the [module API reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/api-reference#module) for the complete `Module` specification.

### Project

> The `Project` controller allows managing Terraform Cloud [Projects](/terraform/tutorials/cloud/projects) via Kubernetes Custom Resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects let you organize your workspaces and scope access to workspace resources. The `Project` controller allows you to create, configure, and manage [projects](/terraform/tutorials/cloud/projects) directly from Kubernetes.
```

The following example creates a new project named `testing`.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: app.terraform.io/v1alpha2
kind: Project
metadata:
  name: testing
spec:
  organization: kubernetes-operator
  token:
    secretKeyRef:
      name: tfc-operator
      key: token
  name: project-demo
```

> The `Project` controller allows managing the Team Access [permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#workspace-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Project` controller allows you to manage team access [permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#project-permissions).

The following example creates a project named `testing` and grants the `qa` team admin access to the project.
```

<CodeBlockConfig highlight="13-16">

```yaml
---
apiVersion: app.terraform.io/v1alpha2
kind: Project
metadata:
  name: testing
spec:
  organization: kubernetes-operator
  token:
    secretKeyRef:
      name: tfc-operator
      key: token
  name: project-demo
  teamAccess:
  - team:
      name: qa
    access: admin
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

> The above example extends the previous one by granting `admin` access permissions to the `qa` team for managing this project.
> 
> Refer to the [project API reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/api-reference#project) for the complete `Project` specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [project API reference](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/api-reference#project) for the complete `Project` specification.
```
